Group Meeting Logs (Not TA Meetings)

Minutes of the Meeting - 4/18/23

  1) At the start of the meeting, we mostly worked together on code, asking questions, trying to get to the bottom of why some features weren't working properly, etc.
  2) Established tasks for each group member to work on for the rest of the week
  3) Discussed which group members were going to focus on Lab 11, the test cases and how to balance that workload with commits for the week
  4) Updated project board as a group and decided which user stories to focus on the most this week

Minutes of the Meeting - 4/25/23

  1) Talked about each group member's tasks for the upcoming week / what they should be working on
  2) Certain group members got help from each other on issues they were having with code snippets written earlier in the week
  3) Talked about what the CSS should look like across the page
  4) Talked about communication issues and strategies to improve communication the upcoming week
  5) WOrked together to deal with issue with the playlist file

Minutes of the Meeting - 5/2/23

  1) Go to office hours later today to fix issues with CSS and other small errors
  2) Devised a plan to complete the presentation slides and final project report
  3) Worked together to merge different branches into main and ensure there are no merge conflicts
  4) Worked together on some fianl features and bug fixes for the project, specifically on the backend
  5) Got the group's opinion on certain style changes on CSS
  6) Worked together to compose the TA meeting email to turn in before the end of the meeting
