TA Meeting Logs

Minutes of the Meeting - 4/12/23

1. Decisions made

  We’re making a music app called Musalinky. We are planning to use two external API’s. One will be a music API called Deezer and the other will be a Google search API.
  The Deezer API will allow users to perform search queries via albums, genres, songs, or artists. The Deezer API will also be used to provide links to these items on
  the Deezer website.
  
  The Google search API will be used to provide links to songs or albums on other platforms. This is our main feature, and will allow users to listen to songs or
  albums if they do not have a particular platform. After the Google search API is called, the results could be displayed to the user in a table or some other fashion.
  
  If possible and if time permits, we could also add features that allow users to create playlists and interact with friends and communities.
  
2. Alternative Actions Discussed

  Start with the skeleton code. Then we can split up and have some members work on the backend while the others work on the frontend and the user interface.
  
3. Follow-up items, including agreed-on roles and responsibilities

  Make a project board with epics and user stories for future meetings. Tie into GitHub repository.
  Add release notes for future meetings.
  Release notes can be automated or manual. 

Minutes of the Meeting - 4/19/23

1. One working application

  For next week, one working merged application is needed rather then showing bits and pieces of code for different people. 

2. Project Board 

  For next week, modifications are needed to the project board. Structural changes such as adding user acceptance criteria, 
  story points, assignees, and adjusting epic names to better create Agile flow is needed.

3. Commit table

  A commit table is needed to track commits and current activity. Communication and work good overall.
  
Minutes of the Meeting - 4/26/23 -

1. More consistent commits through the week. Ideally we should have about 4 commits each every week.

2. Project Board
  
  For next week, significant changes need to be made to the project board. User stories and epics should be renamed to be accurate, follow the template for the "buttons on community page" example.

3. Project seems to be about 70% complete, so we should work hard to complete the project over the next few days.
  
Minutes of the Meeting - 5/3/23 -
  
  See email
